add configuration description about isolation-read.engines & proxy-pr… (#9689)
pingcap/docs: best-practices/haproxy-best-practices.md

   server tidb-3 10.9.64.166:4000 check inter 2000 rise 2 fall 3
```

> To check the source IP address using `SHOW PROCESSLIST`, you need to configure the [PROXY protocol](https://www.haproxy.org/download/1.8/doc/proxy-protocol.txt) to connect TiDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check the source IP address using `SHOW PROCESSLIST`, you need to configure the [PROXY protocol](https://www.haproxy.org/download/1.8/doc/proxy-protocol.txt) to connect to TiDB.
```

```yaml
   server tidb-1 10.9.18.229:4000 send-proxy check inter 2000 rise 2 fall 3       
   server tidb-2 10.9.39.208:4000 send-proxy check inter 2000 rise 2 fall 3
   server tidb-3 10.9.64.166:4000 send-proxy check inter 2000 rise 2 fall 3
```

> **Note:**
>

> > Before using the PROXY protocol, you need to add target parameters in the `proxy-protocol.networks` configuration file of the TiDB server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before using the PROXY protocol, you need to configure [`proxy-protocol.networks`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#networks) in the configuration file of the TiDB server.
```

Maybe user can use the `--proxy-protocol-networks` command line flag to add IPs.
